CNV-55957: Add documentation for the new tree view (#93239)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-starting-vm-web.adoc

. Click *Virtualization* -> *VirtualMachines* from the side menu.

. In the tree view, select the project that contains the virtual machine that you want to start.

. Navigate to the appropriate menu for your use case:

* To stay on this page, where you can perform actions on multiple virtual machines:

.. Click the Options menu {kebab} located at the far right end of the row and click *Start VirtualMachine*.

* To start the virtual machine from the tree view:

> .. Click the *>* icon next to the project name to expand it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Click the *>* icon next to the project name to open the list of virtual machines.
```
